README.md, before:

# MSEdge Tweaker
Easily configure Microsoft Edge, the way you want it! Please note, this project is still a work in progress! Please report any issues if you encounter any or open a discussion for any ideas to add/change for this project.

# How to use it?
- Simply download the MSEdgeTweaker.cmd file from this repo
- Run the downloaded script as Administrator then you will see a menu list. Follow the on-screen instructions.
- Enjoy!

# TO DO
- [ ] Setup a dedicated domain for this project for use with PowerShell.
- [ ] Add checks to determine the device is domain joined or not then add [workaround for certain policies that require it](https://hitco.at/blog/apply-edge-policies-for-non-domain-joined-devices/).
- [ ] Give option to apply for the user account currently logged in (currently it's system wide as of right now).
- [ ] Sort options by most used by users that would typically disable in edge.
- [ ] Add more options that can be disabled and have the choice menu more organized as possible.
- [ ] Somehow get feature flags changed such as disabling rounded corners on webpages via script.
- [ ] Option to undo changes made from this script.
- [ ] Option to uninstall Microsoft Edge

Commit message:

Big update, adding undo change and more!
- New dedicated domain that can be used with PowerShell! See Method 1 in README.md
- Can now undo a change after selecting a option that made a change.
- Option to remove all registry policies set.
- Added some more options such as disabling gamer mode.
- Added another menu for the startup behavior, new tab, about page
- Added checks on whether or not if the device is domain joined.
- Added checks to require Windows 10 and newer as this script is designed for the latest versions of Microsoft Edge which only runs on Windows 10 and newer.
- Some other minor enhancements.

README.md, after:

# MSEdge Tweaker
Easily configure Microsoft Edge, the way you want it!
Please note, this project is still a work in progress! Please report any issues if you encounter any or open a discussion for any ideas to add/change for this project.

## How to use it?
### Method 1 (Recommended)
1. Press both Win and R keys together on the keyboard, a run dialog should appear.
2. Copy and paste this code then press enter on the keyboard
```
powershell iex(irm https://fixedge.today)
```
3. You will see the list of options. Follow the on-screen instructions.
### Method 2
1. Simply download the MSEdgeTweaker.cmd file from this repo
2. Run the downloaded script as Administrator then you will see the list of options. Follow the on-screen instructions.
3. Enjoy!

# TO DO
- [-] Setup a dedicated domain for this project for use with PowerShell. (Done, see method 1)
- [-] Add checks to determine the device is domain joined or not. (Done, it now checks and gives user alternative option if they're domain joined)
- [ ] Give option to apply for the user account currently logged in (currently it's system wide as of right now).
- [ ] Sort options by most used by users that would typically disable in edge.
- [ ] Add more options that can be disabled and have the choice menu more organized as possible.
- [ ] Somehow get feature flags changed such as disabling rounded corners on webpages via script.
- [-] Option to undo changes made from this script. (Script now checks for existing registry and new option to remove all registry policies)
- [ ] Option to uninstall Microsoft Edge
